hi guys and welcome to my latest video
this is going to be a very quick
comparison video of my new steelseries
6gv2 mechanical keyboard with cherry MX
black switches versus my Razer
BlackWidow Ultimate 2013 which has
Cherry MX blue switches I thought it'd
be interesting to do a comparison simply
because the Razer keyboard costs 120
pounds the steelseries keyboard costs 60
pounds so significantly cheaper now
there are of see a few feature
differences so it's not you you're not
just paying double the money for no
reason whatsoever the the Razer does
have a few extras such as obviously the
backlit keyboard with the green
adjustable lights
you've got the USB pass-through the
headphone pass-through the mic
pass-through it's got the braided and
cable on it it also obviously records
macros so if you're heavily into your
games and you need to bind macros to it
you can do that so obviously that is
cool and and and as far as I'm aware
Cherry MX blue switches do tend to
demand more price in terms of the cost
of a keyboard than the black switches so
but if those features aren't important
you can save yourself you know 60 quid
you know save yourself half the money
and have the steelseries 6gv2 which is
still a solidly built keyboard which
offers its own range of features such as
having the best anti-ghosting you can
press all the keys at the same time and
they will work if that's your thing it's
built solidly as well it has got a
really solid metal chassis it doesn't
have braved cable etc but you know so
what one other thing it doesn't have is
it's not height height adjustable which
I think it should have had even at 60
pounds because even cheap keyboards to
have the tabs on the back of them to
adjust the height but the point of this
video really is to let you guys hear the
difference in sound between the carry MX
blue keys and the Cherry MX black keys
so one way to do is put the mic close to
the keys and click them and then you can
have you know and then I'll talk to you
about it in just a moment if you bear
with me
so that's the Razer BlackWidow Ultimate
you could clearly hear the click as you
push down and that one was the Alt key
of the steelseries 6gv2 now you can't
feel the moment that the key switch
actually activates on the Cherry MX
black which doesn't really bother me I
still like the way it feels when you
type on it and the the the feel that the
buttons give however the the Cherry MX
blue keys definitely you can feel the
point at which the switch activates so I
hope that guys gives you an idea of the
difference between the sound that a
cherry MX blue keyboard will make versus
a 2x black and whether that would be a
big deal for you or not so it was just
like a quick video for comparison
purposes and if you like the video
obviously please leave a comment I do
replace the comments leave a like and
thumbs up and subscribe and all that
stuff and obviously I will catch you
guys next time with more videos thanks
for watching